# pkg_agosm
Openstreetmap Modul

# Quickstart

## Module

1. Install this package via Joomla! installer. 
Please check after the installation if the module is correcly installed. 
Open the menu `Extension | Modules` and click the toolbar button `new`. 
In the appearing list should be the entry `AGOSM Module`.

b1

2. Create the module
Click the entry `AGOSM Module`. In the appearing form you have to enter at least 
the title and the position. And you have to select in the tab `menu assignment` 
on which menu items the map should be displayed. 

b2

3. Check your map in the front end
If you set one standard pin in the tab `special pin configuration` your map 
will look like in the next image.

b3 

Voila!

### Routing to address - How to find us 

A popular feature of this extension is 'Routing to address'.  

1. Fill the information in the tabulator 'Routing to address'.
- If you like to use address suggestions you should use a positon on the top.  
- Per default [OSRM](http://project-osrm.org/) is used as router. OSRM is sometimes busy. If you like to 
use mapbox you have to get an access token: https://docs.mapbox.com/help/how-mapbox-works/access-tokens/

a1

2. In front end you see a text field

If you enter a address in the text field in the front end and click enter you see
a route to the address you entered in the back end.

a2

## Component

1. Open the component via `Components | Agosms` and click the toolbar button `new`.

b4

2. Create one entry. At least you have to fill the title and the coordinates 
in the tab `Module Agosms - Marker Options`

b5

3. Go back to the module and set the option `show pins from component` to `yes`.

b6

4. Adjust the map
In the tab `Map configuration` you can set the zoom and the coordinates that 
should be shown.

b7



# Options



# All parts of this extension

## Module: Fields - Agosm  
It is the main part of this extension.

## Component - Agosms  
The Component is used for showing a view for selecting the coordinates.




# FAQ
## What is [OpenStreetMap](https://www.openstreetmap.org)?
OpenStreetMap (OSM) is a collaborative project to create a free editable map of the world. 
Rather than the map itself, 
the data generated by the project and saved in a datase is considered its primary output.

# Support and New Features

This Joomla! Extension is a simple feature. But it is most likely, that your requirements are 
already covered or require very little adaptation.

If you have more complex requirements, need new features or just need some support, 
I am open to doing paid custom work and support around this Joomla! Extension. 

Contact me and we'll sort this out!